Built to Destroy
Lower the number needed for a crit by 1. stacks
Condition decays 2x faster

Claustrophobia
+ 1 buff to SPECIAL attributes while outdoors
- 1 debuff to SPECIAL attributes while indoors

Early Bird
+ 2 buff to SPECIAL attributes from 6am to 12pm
- 1 debuff to SPECIAL attributes from 6pm to 6am

Fast Shot
Can make a free, additional attack without adding modifiers 
The attacks is made at disadvantage

Four Eyes
+ 1 Perception while glasses equipped
- 1 Perception when glasses aren't equipped

Good Natured
Increases Speech, Medicine, Repair,Science and Barter skills +5.
Decreases Energy Weapons,Explosives, Guns, Melee Weapons and Unarmed skills -5.

Heavy Handed
Melee and unarmed do 2x modifier dmg
Melee and unarmed do 60% less critical hit damage

Hoarder
+ 25 lbs to total carry weight
- 1 debuff to SPECIAL attributes while current equipment weight is below 160 lbs

Hot Blooded
+5  damage increase while below 50% health
- 2 debuff to Perception and Agility while below 50% health

Kamikaze
+1 attacks as a free action
-5 AC

Logan's Loophole
Chems last twice as long, and benefit is doubled,addiction rates are set to zero. Locks your  level cap at 30

Loose Cannon
Can throw an additional object for the same attack action
Thrown weapons have 50% less range

Skilled
Gain +5 points to every skill.
You cannot raise 2 skills of your choice above the starting value.

Small Frame
+1 Agility
Fragile limbs (25% extra limb damage)

Trigger Discipline
Guns and energy weapons have +3 to hit 
Your shots deal less damage -5 dmg

Wild Wasteland
Adds additional 'wacky' content and modifies existing content and special encounters
Removes access to some 'sane' content

Tank
You may use Strength instead of agility when calculating your AC. 
However, you move like a tank, and you lose 5 feet of your movement speed.

One handed
+2 to hit with one handed weapons
-5 to hit with two handed weapons

Ne'er-Do-Well
 Your companions make up for your lack of combat skills. All your companions have +25 Combat Skills and you have -25 Combat Skills.

Bring it On!
You either kill fast or die early. Both you and your enemy's AC are reduced by 7 *Enemy AC lowered just for you 

Jinxed
More critical failures for everyone around you (crit fail range raised by 3 {stackable by players who have taken this trait})
More critical failures for you, too